Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Sleep Diary (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Pine Software. The Application is a convenient way to enter your sleep durations to the HealthKit.
 
User Provided Information
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
The Application obtains the information you provide when you tap «FALL ASLEEP/WAKE UP» button in it. By the times of these taps Application determines your sleep duration and saves it to the HealthKit.

Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect anonymized information about the way you use the Application automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, etc. 
 
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. 
 
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No data is transmitted to external services. We don’t share your information with third parties.
 
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by stopping using it. You may also use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
 
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will not retain User Provided data. Since Application only writes data to HealthKit you are always in control of what happens to it.
 
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at alex@airtasks.net. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
 
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
 
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
 
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at alex@airtasks.net.